expect expectation  
1、live up to one's expectation :达到期待值
2、beyond/within one's expectation 
3、than/as expected/thought/imagined/predicted 
4、
There expect to be + 主    期待有
there seem to be + 主      好象有
there happen to be + 主    发生有

There expects to be a rain  a rain 为主语
There seem to be many people waiting 

1、出乎我们的意料，他喜欢在丛林中旅行过着一个冒险的生活
Beyond our ecpectation, he prefers traveling into a jungle and living an adventurous life

prefer 作及物动词使用,通常意思是“更喜欢,宁愿”.
1.prefer + 名词/动名词/不定式
例：I prefer some apples./ I prefer having(to have) some apples.我更喜欢吃苹果.
2.prefer somebody to do something 宁愿某人做某事
例：My daddy prefers me not to swim in that river because it's too dangerous.
我爸爸宁愿我不要去那条河里游泳因为那太危险了.
3.prefer A to B 在 A 和 B 中更喜欢 A
例：I prefer green tea to coffee.绿茶和咖啡比较起来我更喜欢绿茶.
I prefer cooking myself to eating out.我宁愿自己做饭也不愿出去吃.
注意:注意这个用法中肯定的是前者,A和B必须在形式上保持一致,即要么都是名词,要么都是动名词.没有使用不定式的用法.
4.prefer to do something rather than ...
这个用法类似于用法3,不过rather than后面可以是不定式、名词、动名词或动词原形.
例：I prefer to stay at home rather than go out in the heavy rain.
我宁愿呆在家里也不想冒这么大的雨出去.
注意:这里 rather than 后面可以用 going out或to go out 都可以.而且 rather than 也可以放在句子开头：Rather than go out in the heavy rain,I prefer to stay at home.
5.宾语从句 prefer that
宾语从句中常用虚拟语气.
例：I prefer that we should gather more information on that issue.
我觉得关于那个事情我们最好收集更多信息.
6.prefer 用法的常用成语及习惯用语
prefer to die rather than surrender 宁死不屈
就是记住,prefer to do的话后面肯定还跟了个比较结构（如rather than do）,prefer to do 中的to 为动词不定式；除此之外的情况就用prefer doing,doing为动名词

2、使他满意的是，工作和预计的一样进展顺利
To their satisfaction, the work went on smoothly as expected

3、他们慎重全面的考虑问题，结果比预计好
They weighted and considered the problem from every angle and got a better result than expected

4、我们期待每一个参赛者，展现交流、协调组织的能力
We expect every competitor to display their abilities of communication , harmonization and organization

5、为了学好英语，你必须付出100%努力，不要指望捷径
To learn English, you must give 100% efforts and not expect a short cut

not 搭配的是must

6、我们期待着你成为那种有爱心，懂得关怀，永远快乐的人
We all expect you to be a person who is loving , caring and happy forever
